_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
subtitle: London

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
latest_posts: false
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi, I'm Tom! My goal is to ensure advanced AI lives up to its potential to benefit humanity. My current research revolves around the unifying theme of safe and reliable AI. Specifically, I am interested in answering the following two questions:

1. Under what conditions do models learn to reason in a safe and reliable fashion?
2. How can we verify whether a model is reasoning in a safe and reliable manner?

To this end, my primary research interests are (i) mechanistic interpretability, (ii) reinforcement learning and (iii) world models. I am especially excited about research at the intersection of these topics.

I am currently a [MATS](https://www.matsprogram.org/) research scholar supervised by [Adria Garriga-Alonso](https://agarri.ga/). Until recently, I was also research assistant at Krueger AI Safety Lab supervised by [Prof David Krueger](https://davidscottkrueger.com/), and working with [Usman Anwar](https://uzman-anwar.github.io/) and [Stephen Chung](https://stephen-c.com/).  Previously, I was a MPhil student in Machine Learning and Machine Intelligence at the University of Cambridge, and a BSc student in Philosophy, Politics and Economics at LSE. I am currently actively looking for research opportunities and PhD positions so please reach out!

Commit message:

I should acc use this blog ....

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
subtitle: Oxford

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
latest_posts: false
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi! I'm Tom! 

I am currently a DPhil student within the [AIMS CDT](https://aims.robots.ox.ac.uk/) at the university of Oxford. Until recently, I was a [MATS](https://www.matsprogram.org/) scholar supervised by [Adria Garriga-Alonso](https://agarri.ga/), and a research assistant at Krueger AI Safety Lab supervised by [Prof David Krueger](https://davidscottkrueger.com/), and working with [Usman Anwar](https://uzman-anwar.github.io/) and [Stephen Chung](https://stephen-c.com/).  Before that, I was a MPhil student in Machine Learning and Machine Intelligence at the University of Cambridge, and a BSc student in Philosophy, Politics and Economics at LSE. 

My goal is to ensure advanced AI lives up to its potential to benefit humanity. My current research revolves around the unifying theme of safe, beneficial and reliable AI. A few of the many questions I am currently interested in are as follows:

1. How can we teach models to reason in a safe and reliable fashion? How can we verify whether models reason in such a way?
2. How can we increase societal resilience to security threats posed by autonomous intelligent systems?
3. How can we teach models to pursue the ends we want them to pursue?
4. How can advances in AI be deployed to benefit humanity at scale?
